Add the ability to provide custom messages (#177)
sindresorhus/ow: readme.md

//=> ArgumentError: Expected number `input` to be greater than 10, got 1
```

> #### message(fn | string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### message(string | fn)
```

> Provide a custom message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a custom message:
```

```ts
ow('🌈', 'unicorn', ow.string.equals('🦄').message('Expected unicorn, got rainbow'));
//=> ArgumentError: Expected unicorn, got rainbow
```

> You can also pass in a function as `message` value which accepts the label as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass in a function which receives the value as the first parameter and the label as the second parameter and is expected to return the message.
```

```ts

> ow('🌈', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``));

Author: ```suggestion
ow('🌈', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``));
```

//=> ArgumentError: Expected string, to be have a minimum length of 5, got `🌈`
```

> If you want to add a different message per validation it is possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to add a separate message per validation:
```

```ts
ow('1234', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``).url.message('This is no url'));
//=> ArgumentError: Expected string, to be have a minimum length of 5, got `1234`

> ow('12345', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``).url.message('This is no url'));

Reviewer: ```suggestion

ow('12345', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``).url.message('This is no url'));
```

Reviewer: This is not really readable. Do some line-wrapping at the `.` boundaries.

//=> ArgumentError: Expected number `input` to be greater than 10, got 1
```

#### message(string | fn)

Provide a custom message:

```ts
ow('🌈', 'unicorn', ow.string.equals('🦄').message('Expected unicorn, got rainbow'));
//=> ArgumentError: Expected unicorn, got rainbow
```

You can also pass in a function which receives the value as the first parameter and the label as the second parameter and is expected to return the message.

```ts
ow('🌈', ow.string.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``));
//=> ArgumentError: Expected string, to be have a minimum length of 5, got `🌈`
```

It's also possible to add a separate message per validation:

```ts
ow(
	'1234',
	ow.string
		.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``)
		.url.message('This is no url')
);
//=> ArgumentError: Expected string, to be have a minimum length of 5, got `1234`

ow(
	'12345',
	ow.string
		.minLength(5).message((value, label) => `Expected ${label}, to be have a minimum length of 5, got \`${value}\``)
		.url.message('This is no url')
);
//=> ArgumentError: This is no url

> ```

Reviewer: The readme and TS doc comments should be in sync as much as possible. These examples are missing from the TS doc comments.

Author: Added two examples to the `message` function in `source/predicates/predicate.ts`

Reviewer: Yes, if they are in the readme, they should go in index.d.ts.

Reviewer: Also make sure the formatting is the same. It's not now.
